nathaniel bandung striving for bridge
analogy
today we will give a complete overview
of all the items ever future in smash
bros we shall present useless but
interesting facts that you probably
didn't know about in future parts we
will talk about which items are best in
which game but let's go over some basics
today first off let's talk about the
types of items in smash bros out of all
four five and in both different games
anyway out of all five games 21
different franchises have had their
items featured throughout the iterations
that's a lot if you think about it but
which franchise features more items than
the others we'll find out soon before we
start I'd like to talk about the motion
sensor bomb this was very tricky to
categorize I actually had to color code
every single item from each game to
organize everything
this item is from Goldeneye at one game
perfect dark in another and from Smash
Bros in the last two I'm also counting
crate and rolling crates as different
items
finally I only count the sandbag in
brawl in 3d s / Wii U but not may lead
since he can only be used in the home
run contest in that game now let's get
started in Super Smash Bros for the
Nintendo 64 there are a total of 20
items one from Donkey Kong one from
Goldeneye two from Kirby 5 from Mario
one from Pokemon 9 from Smash Bros aka
original items and one from The Legend
of Zelda out of all the franchise's 45%
of the items are from Smash Bros and 25%
are from Mario it's hard to believe that
out of the wide variety of characters in
each game a large majority of the items
are either original or from the Mario
franchise I mean sure Mario's games are
centered around power-ups but it's a bit
surprising to not see more variety in
super smash bros melee there's a total
of 35 items which is 15 more than the
last game comparing by franchise there's
one from balloon fight two from Donkey
Kong
from earthbound or from Kirby 9 from
Mario 1 from Metroid 1 from Nintendo 1
from panel de pon 2 from Perfect Dark
One from Pokemon 10 from smash bros and
2 from The Legend of Zelda 26% of items
are Mario related while 29% are Smash
Bros again the majority of items are
Mario and Smash Bros related while the
Kirby franchise is in third place with
11% of items in Super Smash Bros Brawl
there are a total of 53 items which is
18 more than the last game comparing by
franchise there's one from Animal
Crossing one from clue clue land 2 from
Donkey Kong 2 from earthbound 5 from
Kirby 13 from Mario 1 from Metroid 1
from Nintendo 1 from panel de pon 1 from
Pokemon 1 from Star Fox 21 from Smash
Bros and 3 from The Legend of Zelda
again there is a staggering amount of
franchises hosting items but like the
first two games
smash bros and mario have the highest
quantity of items Smash Bros has 40% of
the items while mario has 25% Super
Smash Bros for the 3ds and WiiU both
have the same items and totals out to 76
that's 23 more items than the last game
good lord
comparing them by franchise there is 2
from Animal Crossing one from cuckoo
land 2 from Donkey Kong 2 from
earthbound 5 from Kid Icarus 5 from
Kirby 20 from Mario 1 from Detroit -
from Namco 1 from Nintendo 1 for panel
de pon one from Pikmin 1 from pilotwings
2 from Pokemon 1 from Star Fox 1 from
steel diaper 20 from Smash Bros and 8
from The Legend of Zelda smash bros and
mario are once again the king of
quantity in terms of items the Zelda
comes in third place now and adds 5
items to this game smash bros and mario
have 26% of the items while The Legend
of Zelda is in third with 11% it appears
that there's no correlation between new
items and new characters there were no
new Legend of Zelda characters in the
newest game but simple of the franchise
items were added Fire Emblem on the
other hand added a few new characters
but there's never been a single Fire
Emblem item can you guess how many items
have been in every game
if you guessed 6
you would be correct so now that we've
covered some basics and comparing items
the future of this sub series will go
more in depth with each item next time
we will talk about explosive items like
the smart bomb and ba boom and find out
which game has the strongest version of
each particular item we will also talk
about how the item is changed
aesthetically and any other minor
changes what did you think of this video
leave a comment below and share I'll
respond to as many of you as possible
thanks a bunch for watching